CIAC-9227 - 'Monday' [collection]  new pack (#40684)
demisto/content: Packs/Monday/Integrations/MondayEventCollector/MondayEventCollector_description.md

### Activity log

can be accessed using the OAuth [method](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/choosing-auth#method-2-using-oauth-to-issue-access-tokens).

Create your Monday app [guidelines](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/create-an-app#creating-an-app-in-the-developer-center) and make sure the needed permissions are granted for the app registration:
Required scope - boards:read 
The Redirect URI - https://localhost.

Enter your Client ID and Client Secret in the instance parameter fields.

Run the ***!monday-generate-login-url*** command - command in the War Room and follow the instructions:

> Click on the login URL to sign in and grant Cortex XSOAR the permissions.You will be automatically redirected to a link with the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign in, click the login URL and grant Cortex XSOAR the permissions. You will be automatically redirected to a link with the following structure:
```

REDIRECT_URI?code=AUTH_CODE&region=REGION&scope=boards%3Aread&state=

Copy the AUTH_CODE (without the code= prefix) and paste it in your instance configuration under the Authorization code parameter.

Save the instance.

> Run the !monday-auth-test command. A 'Success' message should be printed to the War Room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the !monday-auth-test command. A 'Success' message is printed to the War Room.
```

### Audit log

Generating the API token

> To generate the audit log API token, access the admin section of your account, click into the "Security" section and then the "Audit" tab. From there, select on the "Monitor by API" button and copy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the audit log API token, access the admin section of your account, click the "Security" section, and then the "Audit" tab. From there, select the "Monitor by API" button and copy it.
```
